[AppBar] Fix background color on dark mode (#26545)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

### AppBar

> - [AppBar] Remove z-index when position static and relative. This avoids the creation of a stacking context and rendering issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove z-index when position static and relative. This avoids the creation of a stacking context and rendering issues.
```

> - `color` has no effect in dark mode by default due to [material design spec](https://material.io/design/color/dark-theme.html). Use `enableColorOnDark` to opt out from this behaviour.

Reviewer: Our usage of MD spec isn't consistent on this page, I propose we settle on:

```suggestion
- The `color` prop has no longer any effect in dark mode. The app bar uses the background color required by the elevation to follow the [Material Design guidelines](https://material.io/design/color/dark-theme.html). Use `enableColorOnDark` to restore the behavior of v4.
```

Reviewer: behaviour is en_GB, we use en_US -> behavior
